work smart with Smart Actions an app on
your device that helps you stop the
interruptions and get on with your life
the Smart Actions app optimizes battery
life and makes tasks easier by
automating actions you do every day like
putting your device in airplane mode
when you board a plane or launching the
news first thing each morning so you
were on top of all the latest
information from the Smart Actions app
you can create and customize your own
rules that Smart Actions will then
follow with Smart Actions there is no
such thing as wasting time you can
customize a workout rule so when you
plug your headphones into your phone
your music automatically launches and so
does your gps
so you can track your run letting you
get on with things all set a rule that
turns your ringer off at night when your
phone is charging at home get time back
on your calendar and get smart with the
Smart Actions app from here you can
begin setting up your smart action rules
along the bottom of the screen you can
choose to learn more or view samples
rules select view samples to get an idea
of some of the useful smart action rules
select a rule to view details from here
you can see it's triggers and actions
your phone will perform certain selected
actions after it is triggered for
example you can add a Smart Actions rule
for work that will automatically set
ringer to vibrate only and send text
messages when your work location is
triggered to start setting up your own
rules from the main Smart Actions screen
select the green Add icon you can choose
to add a sample rules or you can just
start from scratch let's choose to start
a rule from scratch first name your rule
here we will set a charging reminder for
your phone after the rule has been named
select the rules triggers such as
battery level
and time of day
then proceeds to select the action that
you would like your phone to do after it
is triggered here we will choose to send
notification customize your notification
and tap save tap and hold on triggers or
actions to edit or delete them once you
have customized the rule the way you
want it select add rule your rule is
automatically added to smart actions and
once triggered the action will take
place whether you make your own rules or
customize ours Smart Actions lets you
get on with your life
you